# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/wWO20AGduLs
#### Description:
This program is supposed to act as a guide through the journey of an annular pulley injury in a finger. Diagnosis and treatment should be undertaken by a suitable medical professional, especially in the case of severe injury. The program will want to know all about your injury including when it happened and the severity. From this information and based on clinical estimates, it will be able to give you a very rough estimation of the timeframes for recovery. The next stage is recording a baseline from the other hand and then moving on to slow progressive overload of your injured digit (when you are in the appropriate recovery phase). The rehabilitation is currently split into three stages, single finger open hangs, 3/4 finger half crimp and whole hand full crimp, though you are suggested to tailor your stages to your specific injury.
The reccomended method of loading is using small incremental weights, hung from a sling, then attached directly to your finger or onto a crimp block, the exercise will then involve picking the weight off the floor and holding it for the specified amount. Getting a set of weights for this might be too much to ask, in the past I have done it with variously filled old milk bottles, which works but is nowhere near as convenient as weights. Another option is to do hangs from a hangboard with weight taken off with pulleys or simply standing on a scale and pulling until you get the desired resistance, this is a bit harder to get right although will be more fun than deadlifting more than your body weight on a crimp.
The project was of specific interest to me as I ruptured a pulley just as I was looking for inspiration for a project. I considered making a web app version but had other ideas for projects to learn those skills so I thought I would experiment with a desktop app, hence the use of tkinter.
The information included in recovery_schedule.py is an approximation of guidance and loading protocols gleaned from my limited reading and own experimentation in the area and is no substitute for professional opinions, in fact this information is separated into a separate file on the basis that it would make it easier for someone with a clue to make corrections and input decent advice on the matter.